Update windows-autopilot-hybrid.md (#3390)
MicrosoftDocs/memdocs: memdocs/autopilot/windows-autopilot-hybrid.md

- Undergo the out-of-box experience (OOBE).
- Use an authorization type that Azure Active Directory supports in OOBE.

> Although not required, configuring hybrid azure AD join for ADFS enables a faster Autopilot AAD registration process during deployments. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although not required, configuring hybrid Azure AD join for AD FS enables a faster Windows Autopilot Azure AD registration process during deployments. 
```
